Mohamed Amr Yehia 

M.amryehia@gmail.com​ ​-​ ​+201099099162 - ​LinkedIn  

 

 

 

Education 
Bachelor of Engineering​, Ain Shams University, 2021  

● Department : Electrical Power & Machines. 

Experience 
Junior ML Engineer​, Omdena, Remote (Jan. 2020) 
One of 45 collaborators from 27 countries, currently working on the Creedix Challenge for banking 
credit score design. 
ML Intern​, iNetworks, Cairo (Jul. 2019 – Oct. 2019 ) 
I worked on ML pipeline starting from data collection to model deployment passing through problem 
definition, summarizing, analyzing, transforming and visualizing data. 
Trainee​, Huawei ICT Academy, Cairo (Sept. 2019) 
I won a bronze medal at Huawei ICT challenge. Training Scope was HCIA-Storage V3.0 Course and 
HCIA-Storage V3.0 Lab Guide. 
Trainee​, IBM, Cairo (Jul. – Aug. 2018) 
I Attended  a two weeks training About Artificial intelligence and Business Process Development. 

Projects 
[1] Credit Scoring:​ Banking the unbanked!: (Banking the unbanked) to leveraging the potential of 
machine learning for credit scoring to provide millions of people with funding opportunities. 
[2] Employees Skill Gap:​ a machine learning and AI algorithms to make sure that you'll identify the 
gap between your skills and market needs. 
[3] ​Real-time face detection​:​ this was aiming to study customers habits by recording the time when 
customers come to the store and register non-customer encodings in the database. 

Extra Curricular Activities 
I participated at more than 25 Hackathons with ​Riseup​, Vodafone, ​DAN​, ​Health 2.0​ and ​robusta​. 
Moreover my team was ​#CodeVsCovid19​ winner. 

● Devpost  
● Badgewell 

I am interested in Entrepreneurship. I attended ​ASU Innovates​ and ​NilePreneurs​ Cycle 2.  
Courses 

● I enrolled in most of SuperDataScience courses for Databases, Machine Learning, Deep 

Learning and Artificial Intelligence.   

● I have been selected in four Udacity Scholarships : PyTorch, Secure & Privacy AI, 

Bertelsmann Technology and Intel Edge AI Scholarships.  

Skills 
Machine Learning:​ PyData ecosystem, OpenCV, Keras and Pytorch 
Databases​ : SQL(PostgreSQL), NoSQL(MongoDB) ​Big Data: ​Apache Spark, Hadoop 
Web Scraping​ : BeautifulSoup, Selenium ​Deployment: ​RESTful API 
Containerization: ​Docker 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

